README.md, before:

[![Deploy](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/biaw/gitcord-forum/build-and-publish.yml?label=build)](https://github.com/biaw/gitcord-forum/actions/workflows/build-and-publish.yml)
[![Linting](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/biaw/gitcord-forum/linting.yml?label=quality)](https://github.com/biaw/gitcord-forum/actions/workflows/linting.yml)
[![DeepScan grade](https://deepscan.io/api/teams/16173/projects/23243/branches/698660/badge/grade.svg)](https://deepscan.io/dashboard#view=project&tid=16173&pid=23243&bid=698660)
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/biaw/gitcord-forum.svg)](https://github.com/biaw/gitcord-forum/issues)
[![GitHub Pull Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-raw/biaw/gitcord-forum.svg)](https://github.com/biaw/gitcord-forum/pulls)

# Gitcord Forum [![Deploy to Cloudflare Workers](https://deploy.workers.cloudflare.com/button)](https://deploy.workers.cloudflare.com/?url=https://github.com/biaw/gitcord-forum)

A middleware designed to sort your repositories into forum posts.

<details>
  <summary>Screenshot</summary>

  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10573728/206237592-9104b964-74d6-4a29-a2ab-f36dc400481c.png">
    <img alt="Image of the forum channel on Discord" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10573728/206237630-b76efa8e-68a2-498d-9463-edfe3d75f58a.png">
  </picture>
</details>

## Usage examples

* If you have a lot of projects on your GitHub and you don't want to clog up one channel with all of it but you also don't want to create too many channels for all your repository feeds.

## Setting up with Workers

1. [Deploy with Workers](https://deploy.workers.cloudflare.com/?url=https://github.com/biaw/gitcord-forum)
2. Insert the environment variables listed in the [`wrangler.toml`](https://github.com/biaw/gitcord-forum/blob/main/wrangler.toml) file. You can either use the `wrangler` command, or do it through the worker dashboard.
3. Add your new worker URL (`https://gitcord-forum.WORKER_SUBDOMAIN.workers.dev/`) as a webhook in your GitHub repository settings. Make sure to set content type to `application/json` and also match the secret you set in the environment variables.

## How the middleware works

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    autonumber
    participant G as GitHub
    participant W as Cloudflare Worker & Storage
    participant D as Discord Webhook

    activate G
    G->>W: Send a Webhook event
    activate W

    alt signature header is not valid
        W->>G: 401 Unauthorized
    end

    alt event is not a repository event
        W->>G: 200 OK
    end

    W->>W: Find thread ID for repository

    alt no forum thread exists
        W->>D: Create a new forum thread and send first message
        D->>W: Return message data with thread ID
        W->>W: Save thread ID and message ID
    else forum thread exists
        W->>D: Update first forum message with new information
    end

    W->>D: Forward GitHub event to new or existing forum thread
    W->>G: 200 OK
```

Commit message:

Update README with build-and-publish.yml workflow details
Add a section to the `README.md` to explain the `build-and-publish.yml` workflow.

* Describe the triggers and steps involved in the workflow.
* Mention the job name and conditions for running the job.
* List the steps involved in the job, including checking out the repository, setting up `pnpm` and Node.js, installing dependencies, and building and publishing the project.
* Provide the location of the workflow file.

---

For more details, open the [Copilot Workspace session](https://copilot-workspace.githubnext.com/biaw/gitcord-forum?shareId=XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX).

README.md, after:

[![Deploy](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/biaw/gitcord-forum/build-and-publish.yml?label=build)](https://github.com/biaw/gitcord-forum/actions/workflows/build-and-publish.yml)
[![Linting](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/biaw/gitcord-forum/linting.yml?label=quality)](https://github.com/biaw/gitcord-forum/actions/workflows/linting.yml)
[![DeepScan grade](https://deepscan.io/api/teams/16173/projects/23243/branches/698660/badge/grade.svg)](https://deepscan.io/dashboard#view=project&tid=16173&pid=23243&bid=698660)
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/biaw/gitcord-forum.svg)](https://github.com/biaw/gitcord-forum/issues)
[![GitHub Pull Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-raw/biaw/gitcord-forum.svg)](https://github.com/biaw/gitcord-forum/pulls)

# Gitcord Forum [![Deploy to Cloudflare Workers](https://deploy.workers.cloudflare.com/button)](https://deploy.workers.cloudflare.com/?url=https://github.com/biaw/gitcord-forum)

A middleware designed to sort your repositories into forum posts.

<details>
  <summary>Screenshot</summary>

  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10573728/206237592-9104b964-74d6-4a29-a2ab-f36dc400481c.png">
    <img alt="Image of the forum channel on Discord" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10573728/206237630-b76efa8e-68a2-498d-9463-edfe3d75f58a.png">
  </picture>
</details>

## Usage examples

* If you have a lot of projects on your GitHub and you don't want to clog up one channel with all of it but you also don't want to create too many channels for all your repository feeds.

## Setting up with Workers

1. [Deploy with Workers](https://deploy.workers.cloudflare.com/?url=https://github.com/biaw/gitcord-forum)
2. Insert the environment variables listed in the [`wrangler.toml`](https://github.com/biaw/gitcord-forum/blob/main/wrangler.toml) file. You can either use the `wrangler` command, or do it through the worker dashboard.
3. Add your new worker URL (`https://gitcord-forum.WORKER_SUBDOMAIN.workers.dev/`) as a webhook in your GitHub repository settings. Make sure to set content type to `application/json` and also match the secret you set in the environment variables.

## How the middleware works

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    autonumber
    participant G as GitHub
    participant W as Cloudflare Worker & Storage
    participant D as Discord Webhook

    activate G
    G->>W: Send a Webhook event
    activate W

    alt signature header is not valid
        W->>G: 401 Unauthorized
    end

    alt event is not a repository event
        W->>G: 200 OK
    end

    W->>W: Find thread ID for repository

    alt no forum thread exists
        W->>D: Create a new forum thread and send first message
        D->>W: Return message data with thread ID
        W->>W: Save thread ID and message ID
    else forum thread exists
        W->>D: Update first forum message with new information
    end

    W->>D: Forward GitHub event to new or existing forum thread
    W->>G: 200 OK
```

## Build and Publish Workflow

The `build-and-publish.yml` workflow is designed to build and publish the project. Here is how it operates:

* The workflow is triggered by events such as a push to the `main` branch, a pull request to the `main` branch, a manual trigger (`workflow_dispatch`), or a repository dispatch event.
* The workflow defines a single job named `build` that runs on the `ubuntu-latest` environment.
* The job name is dynamically set to "Publish" if the event is a push to the `main` branch, otherwise it is set to "Test build".
* The job only runs if the event is a pull request.
* The job consists of several steps:
  * Checkout the repository using the `actions/checkout` action.
  * Set up `pnpm` using the `pnpm/action-setup` action without running the install command.
  * Set up Node.js using the `actions/setup-node` action, specifying the Node.js version from the `.nvmrc` file and caching `pnpm` dependencies.
  * Install dependencies using `pnpm install --frozen-lockfile`.
  * Build and publish the project using the `cloudflare/wrangler-action` action. If the event is a push to the `main` branch, the command is `deploy`, otherwise it is `deploy --dry-run`.

The workflow file can be found at `.github/workflows/build-and-publish.yml`.
